CHANGELOG: record past changes (#7300)
pyca/cryptography: CHANGELOG.rst

* Using MD5 or SHA1 in :class:`~cryptography.x509.CertificateBuilder` and
  other X.509 builders is deprecated and support will be removed in the next
  version.

> * Added additional APIs exposing
>   :class:`~cryptography.x509.certificate_transparency.SignedCertificateTimestamp` fields, including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added additional APIs to
  :class:`~cryptography.x509.certificate_transparency.SignedCertificateTimestamp`, including
```

* Using MD5 or SHA1 in :class:`~cryptography.x509.CertificateBuilder` and
  other X.509 builders is deprecated and support will be removed in the next
  version.
* Added additional APIs exposing

>   :class:`~cryptography.x509.certificate_transparency.SignedCertificateTimestamp` internals, including

Reviewer: Let's not describe them as internals, let's just say we exposed the new fields.

  :attr:`~cryptography.x509.certificate_transparency.SignedCertificateTimestamp.signature_hash_algorithm`,
  :attr:`~cryptography.x509.certificate_transparency.SignedCertificateTimestamp.signature_algorithm`,
  :attr:`~cryptography.x509.certificate_transparency.SignedCertificateTimestamp.signature`, and
  :attr:`~cryptography.x509.certificate_transparency.SignedCertificateTimestamp.extension_bytes`.
* Added the :class:`~cryptography.x509.certificate_transparency.SignatureAlgorithm`

>   enum, representing valid signature algorithms per :rfc:`6962`.

Reviewer: We can skip documenting this, it's implicitly documented via  `signature_algorithm` which is the only reason to care.

> * Added :attr:`~cryptography.x509.oid.ExtendedKeyUsageOID.CERTIFICATE_TRANSPARENCY`.

Reviewer: This is too marginal to document, it can be skipped.

> * Added :attr:`~cryptography.x509.oid.ExtendedKeyUsageOID.CERTIFICATE_TRANSPARENCY`.

Reviewer 2: We don’t typically document oid additions, but otherwise this lgtm

* Added :attr:`~cryptography.x509.Certificate.tbs_precertificate_bytes`, allowing

>   users to access the to-be-signed precertificate data needed for signed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  users to access the to-be-signed pre-certificate data needed for signed
```
